add infrastructure folder for espace (#303)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/espace/build/infrastructure/RPC-Provider.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: RPC Providers
displayed_sidebar: eSpaceSidebar
---

> Conflux eSpace also have it's own RPC Providers, just like Infura, Alchemy, Quick, etc. You can use it to connect to Conflux eSpace network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conflux eSpace also offers its own RPC Providers, similar to those like Infura, Alchemy, and QuickNode. These can be utilized to connect to the Conflux eSpace network.
```

## [Unifra](https://unifra.io/)

> [Unifra](https://unifra.io/) is an open infrastructure for everyone, they provides open, reliable infrastructure service for all web3 developers. Their node service already supports Conflux eSpace network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Unifra](https://unifra.io/) offers an open infrastructure accessible to everyone, providing reliable infrastructure services to all Web3 developers. Their node service already includes support for the Conflux eSpace network.
```

> They provide stable and easy to use RPC service, you can use it to connect to Conflux eSpace network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They offer a stable and user-friendly RPC service, which can be utilized to connect to the Conflux eSpace network.
```

> Unifra also provides a free to use RPC endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unifra also provides a free-to-use RPC endpoint:
```

Network  | Chain ID                | RPC Endpoint URL | Explorer 
-------- | ----------------------- | ------------ |------------ 
[Mainnet](#mainnet) | 1030 (0x406) | <https://conflux-espace-public.unifra.io> | <https://evm.confluxscan.net>

You can also buy **a higher tier RPC service** from Unifra at it [console dashboard](https://console.unifra.io/).

## Confura

> [Confura](../../network-endpoints) is a RPC service provided by Conflux foundation, the public RPC service is free to use. If the rate limit not enough for your development. You can apply for a high tier RPC service from Conflux foundation by sending email to [bd@confluxnetwork.org](bd@confluxnetwork.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Confura](../../network-endpoints) is an RPC service offered by the Conflux Foundation. This public RPC service is available at no cost. However, if the rate limit does not meet your development needs, you can apply for a higher-tier RPC service by contacting the Conflux Foundation via email at [bd@confluxnetwork.org](mailto:bd@confluxnetwork.org).
```
